now it came to pass when samuel was old
now it came to pass when samuel was old that he made his sons judges over israel
that he made his sons judges over israel
that he made his sons judges over israel the name of his firstborn was joan and
the name of his firstborn was joan and
the name of his firstborn was joan and the name of his second Abijah they were
the name of his second Abijah they were
the name of his second Abijah they were judges in Beersheba but his sons did not
judges in Beersheba but his sons did not
judges in Beersheba but his sons did not walk in his ways they turned aside after
walk in his ways they turned aside after
walk in his ways they turned aside after dishonest gain took bribes and perverted
dishonest gain took bribes and perverted
dishonest gain took bribes and perverted justice and all the elders of israel
justice and all the elders of israel
justice and all the elders of israel gathered together and came to samuel a
gathered together and came to samuel a
gathered together and came to samuel a train look you are old and your sons do
train look you are old and your sons do
train look you are old and your sons do not walk in your ways now make us a king
not walk in your ways now make us a king
not walk in your ways now make us a king to judge us like all the nations but the
to judge us like all the nations but the
to judge us like all the nations but the thing displeased Samuel when they said
thing displeased Samuel when they said
thing displeased Samuel when they said give us a king to judge us so Samuel
give us a king to judge us so Samuel
give us a king to judge us so Samuel pray to the Lord and the Lord said to
pray to the Lord and the Lord said to
pray to the Lord and the Lord said to Samuel heed the voice of the people in
Samuel heed the voice of the people in
Samuel heed the voice of the people in all that they say to you for they have
all that they say to you for they have
all that they say to you for they have not rejected you but they have rejected
not rejected you but they have rejected
not rejected you but they have rejected me that I should not reign over them
me that I should not reign over them
me that I should not reign over them according to all the works which they
according to all the works which they
according to all the works which they have done since the day that I brought
have done since the day that I brought
have done since the day that I brought them up out of Egypt even to this day
them up out of Egypt even to this day
them up out of Egypt even to this day with which they have forsaken me and
with which they have forsaken me and
with which they have forsaken me and served other gods so they are doing to
served other gods so they are doing to
served other gods so they are doing to you also
you also
you also now therefore heed their voice however
now therefore heed their voice however
now therefore heed their voice however you shall solemnly forewarn them and
you shall solemnly forewarn them and
you shall solemnly forewarn them and show them the behavior of the king who
show them the behavior of the king who
show them the behavior of the king who will reign over them
will reign over them
will reign over them so Samuel told all the words of the Lord
so Samuel told all the words of the Lord
so Samuel told all the words of the Lord to the people who asked him for a king
to the people who asked him for a king
to the people who asked him for a king this will be the behavior of the king
this will be the behavior of the king
this will be the behavior of the king who will reign over you he will take
who will reign over you he will take
who will reign over you he will take your sons and appoint them for his own
your sons and appoint them for his own
your sons and appoint them for his own chariots and to be his horsemen and some
chariots and to be his horsemen and some
chariots and to be his horsemen and some will run before his chariots he will
will run before his chariots he will
will run before his chariots he will appoint captains over his houses and
appoint captains over his houses and
appoint captains over his houses and captain's over his fifties
captain's over his fifties
captain's over his fifties will set some to plow his ground and
will set some to plow his ground and
will set some to plow his ground and reap his harvest and some to make his
reap his harvest and some to make his
reap his harvest and some to make his weapons of war and equipment for his
weapons of war and equipment for his
weapons of war and equipment for his chariots he will take your daughters to
chariots he will take your daughters to
chariots he will take your daughters to be perfumers cooks and bakers and he
be perfumers cooks and bakers and he
be perfumers cooks and bakers and he will take the best of your fields your
will take the best of your fields your
will take the best of your fields your vineyards and your olive groves and give
vineyards and your olive groves and give
vineyards and your olive groves and give them to his servants he will take a
them to his servants he will take a
them to his servants he will take a tenth of your grain and your vintage and
tenth of your grain and your vintage and
tenth of your grain and your vintage and give it to his officers and servants and
give it to his officers and servants and
give it to his officers and servants and he will take your male servants your
he will take your male servants your
he will take your male servants your female servants your finest young men
female servants your finest young men
female servants your finest young men and your donkeys and put them to his
and your donkeys and put them to his
and your donkeys and put them to his work he will take a tenth of your sheep
work he will take a tenth of your sheep
work he will take a tenth of your sheep and you will be his servants and you
and you will be his servants and you
and you will be his servants and you will cry out in that day because of your
will cry out in that day because of your
will cry out in that day because of your King whom you have chosen for yourselves
King whom you have chosen for yourselves
King whom you have chosen for yourselves and the Lord will not hear you in that
and the Lord will not hear you in that
and the Lord will not hear you in that day nevertheless the people refused to
day nevertheless the people refused to
day nevertheless the people refused to obey the voice of Samuel no but we will
obey the voice of Samuel no but we will
obey the voice of Samuel no but we will have a king over us that we also may be
have a king over us that we also may be
have a king over us that we also may be like all the nations and that our King
like all the nations and that our King
like all the nations and that our King may judge us and go out before us and
may judge us and go out before us and
may judge us and go out before us and fight our battles and Samuel heard all
fight our battles and Samuel heard all
fight our battles and Samuel heard all the words of the people and he repeated
the words of the people and he repeated
the words of the people and he repeated them in the hearing of the Lord so the
them in the hearing of the Lord so the
them in the hearing of the Lord so the Lord said to Samuel heed their voice
Lord said to Samuel heed their voice
Lord said to Samuel heed their voice and make them a king and Samuel said to
and make them a king and Samuel said to
and make them a king and Samuel said to the men of Israel every man go to his
the men of Israel every man go to his
the men of Israel every man go to his City